Add a quick guide (#122)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/quickguide/quickguide.adoc

= Quick up and Running Guide
:toc:right
:downloadpage_ocis_url: https://download.owncloud.com/ocis/ocis/stable/

> :description: This quick up and running guide provides brief copy and paste commands to have an oCIS instance ready for hands on. Consider reading the documentation for details necessary when you dive down and plan to go productive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: This quick up and running guide provides brief copy and paste commands to have an oCIS instance ready for hands on use. Read the documentation for details necessary when you dive down and plan to deploy into production.
```

> :description: This quick up and running guide provides brief copy and paste commands to have an oCIS instance ready for hands on use. Read the documentation for details necessary when you dive down and plan to deploy into production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:description: This quick guide provides copy and paste commands to have an oCIS instance up and running within minutes for hands on use. Read the documentation for details before you dive down and plan to deploy into production.
```

== Introduction

{description}

> Using this guide will setup a minimal configured environment up and running but can by nature not go into the depth. Note that the binary used is based on `linux-arm-64bit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this guide will get a minimal configured environment up and running but can by nature not go into depth. Note that the binary used is based on `linux-arm-64bit`.
```

> We recommend reading the xref:deployment/index.adoc[Deployment] section of the documentation as next step for more information on setup and configuration possibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend reading the xref:deployment/index.adoc[Deployment] section of the documentation as the next step for more information on setup and configuration possibilities.
```

 
== Setup

Open a shell and copy/paste the following commands:

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
sudo wget -O /usr/bin/ocis {downloadpage_ocis_url}{ocis-version}/ocis-{ocis-version}-linux-arm64
----

[source,bash]
----
sudo chmod +x /usr/bin/ocis
----

[source,bash]
----
OCIS_INSECURE=true \
PROXY_HTTP_ADDR=0.0.0.0:9200 \
OCIS_URL=https://localhost:9200 \
ocis server
----

> After installing and starting oCIS, you can now access the web UI via `\https://localhost:9200`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After installing and starting oCIS, you can access the web UI via `\https://localhost:9200`.
```
